good morning everyone
I am up and off to break boats it was an
early wakeup I handed it okay biting
into it that much and I'm wondering like
why does it come to the point where I
finally become a morning person
surely even getting up this early every
morning I should have actually become a
morning person that's just how it should
work
surely one day finally I just want to
spring out of bed in the morning I can
hope I'm up Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday this week so showing it by the
end of the week my body will just be
like yo let's go up at 6 no problem the
other thing is I'm so so bad at raking
so it's just like where'd all the bolts
go where I do all the screws go what do
all the spanners do is all just a bit
confusing but go at least try to help
unite and what you can see across the
river here is the light to all the boat
houses
okay rigging has been completed now I'm
just gonna head back to my room and grab
my stuff and then go over to the library
for the morning just because I've got
some printing to do so I've got to go
over there anyway because I don't have a
printer in my room and also I feel like
I'll get some pics to work done in there
this morning and that's what I need a
focused morning of revision so to the
library hello so I've just had lunch
my first tasty of the year and oh was it
good we got the gear off to a good start
with a good chicken tikka toasty I'm
actually getting back to work now so
that's good and a plan is to work
through until 6:00 and then I'm going
for dinner with Henry and we'll this
evening Henry has kindly offered to cook
for us also that'll be very nice he's
very excited arrived at the staircase
we're going to be fed this is all very
exciting
never been here before we know which
room is Henry let's ring anyway let's
hope someone let's assume we're stuck
outside
this is Rebecca might be a about what
she's that almost over and one hour
later we're still here wanna know it's
actually just two minutes later
oh it's Rebecca man will are just
leaving we had a great dinner cooked for
us by Henry thanks Henry
and bye guys good morning
so I'm offering outing it's not been too
bad getting up this morning actually I'm
actually awake now it's about 10:00 to
7:00 and it's meat time at 7:00 I'm just
about to go cycling for the first time
since last year so that would be nice
it's dark outside but we can deal with
it the key challenge is gonna be finding
which bike rack I parked my bike on
because I've forgotten and it's dark so
we're gonna have to use my phone torch
and hope for the best but yeah I better
get going because punctuality is key
right hello everyone we're getting
organized I'm back from my rowing outing
which was decent this morning I had
breakfast chatted to Ella and Astrid in
the for a while came up just
finished off a few fast dynamics
questions from the start of the new
lecture course last term which my
supervisor asked in for today and then
I've handed in all my holiday work as
well now I'm gonna get changed because
I'm still like given thermals and
whatnot that I was wearing for Cox
saying then a bit more of chill work I
think this morning I'm gonna go and work
in the gym with Ella
hello everyone I'm about to go have
lunch I've got some work done this
morning I'm pleased with myself because
I've just made myself a Nutella toasty
for lunch and I was so excited and yes
I've already reached that point in term
or I'm having this hella toasties for
lunch it's fine to my parents don't
worry about me it's all good mm-hmm okay
so I'm heading off to my first super
vision of time it all starts now
we've got one contact hour today this is
super vision we've got one super vision
tomorrow and then Friday lecture start
and we're off so I've got these two days
of easing in like one contact hour a day
and then we go and then term begins and
there's no looking back and you just
have to hold on ty and hope you keep up
with everything so this afternoon
since my supervision I didn't actually
get on to work as planned but I have
been being productive I haven't just
been sitting around
I've been finalizing my internship
applications oh my god I'm so unfit I'm
out of breath can you tell this is
actually just from walking up the stairs
in my staircase just now that's
depressing anyway back to it I just went
downstairs to get a hot chocolate
because now I'm moving on from
internship application stuff to maths
because I finalized what I'm doing for
internship applications I think I'm
gonna make them this evening like let's
just bash these applications out anyway
want to get hot chocolate because why
not why not be more unhealthy today but
the exciting thing is that I've got a
galaxy hot chocolate today all take a
look at that it's a special frothy hot
chocolate it's just one of those instant
ones we put the powder in the mug and
just add hot water I'm really excited to
taste it because I thought I'd stray
from my normal Capra's hot chocolate and
go for something a bit different I'm so
excited is actually properly
hmm it's okay but you know something
I prefer cabarets but it does taste more
like galaxy chocolate I must say I mean
it's very much drinkable okay
well that's that taste test over the
highlights of my vlog I know and how I'm
going to do some maths good morning
everyone
so it's 10:00 to 7:00 in the morning and
I'm up undressed and showered joy and
I'm just about to let you know finally
feel human for the morning and now my
outings been cancelled cry this is the
worst time it's yellow flag which means
basically the Cambridge University
combined Boat Club the kind of head of
all the Cambridge colleges who like
announce the rules of the river and
whatnot for all the Cambridge College
rowing clubs have said the conditions
outside bad so they put a yellow flag up
and only the senior top crews are out to
go out my crew is not able to go out in
these conditions and I'm actually really
sad cuz I've just got up I managed to
get myself out of bed they said last
night it might be yellow flag because
there was like bad weather forecast for
this morning I was lying in bed I was
lying in bed still no news it sounds
like wasp oh I've got it get up now I
have a shower I was thinking I wish it'd
be canceled now because I'm so comfy in
my bed right now so I got up had a
shower brushed my teeth you know got
them done a thing I'm just about to go
and now I've just gotten there such
thing it's canceled the timing is so bad
why do they always announce the flags at
such difficult times so yeah I might go
back to bed you know for like half an
hour an hour maybe not get up again
hello everyone so I did eventually get
up this morning I had more like two
hours more in bed rather than one hour
it was fine it's okay at the moment
we're still pretty relaxed term hasn't
properly kicked off yet I'll do another
hours worth of maths head to my math
supervision I can come back make myself
lunch and yeah work through the
afternoon
[Music]
hello everyone okay so my math
supervision went really well actually
I'm now much clearer on how to solve
partial differential equations questions
because like all the questions in the
exam papers on partial differential
equations I like a really similar format
but I just wasn't getting how to solve
them and like the facts I couldn't solve
one just meant I couldn't sell any of
them but now like I've got it I
understand I actually going to do some
editing first thing this afternoon
because it's Friday tomorrow and that
means a new upload and I currently
haven't got a video edited yet
[Music]
right so hello everyone I'm going to bed
because I've got a rowing outing
tomorrow morning and I don't think it's
gonna be canceled this time like it
looks cold but apart from that the
weather forecast looks fine which is
good because we do we do like a bit of
rowing we don't want to have to get up
for nothing this term it's difficult
because the Sun rises later so you go
out later and then you end up getting
back from your outings later and then
it's a rush to get from the boathouse to
your lecture when you have a 9:00 a.m.
star so I know tomorrow morning's gonna
be a rushed game to my first lecture I'm
just gonna have to pack my bag get going
just be ready to sprint out of the
boathouse once the outings done and ask
for breakfast I don't even have any
breakfast bars
I made a rookie error and did not buy
any Velveeta soft bakes from the
supermarket so all I have a cereal and
that's not very portable if I need
wreckless on the go so don't know what
I'm gonna do maybe I'll get up extra
early and have a bowl of cereal before
the outing nah I'd love if that actually
happens Paige getting up earlier than
she needs to unlikely but anyway I'm
gonna get to bed now hello everyone it's
so cold outside I had forgotten how cold
it gets oh my god I can't feel my toes I
can't feel my fingers Wow
literally so my outing was good this
morning but also being out in the cold
for that long was not nice I was
shivering and I've got tons of layers on
I've got several layers on I have two
pairs of gloves on I had two pairs of
socks on like I don't know what more I
can do I was late to my lecture as well
because the outing over brand but
technically they don't even talking for
two minutes so I didn't actually miss
anything so that was good but like I
just couldn't feel my toes for the whole
lecture despite the fact that I was in
the lecture for one hour in the warm the
feeling just didn't all come back to my
toes not to be dramatic but like I'm at
risk of frostbite guys seriously oh my
god okay I'm gonna stop complaining like
a spy it's in the warm I want to get
some like hand warmers I think that
might be the answer my circulation is
just so bad so in the cold weather my
he just don't deal well they go right if
I toast sometimes going to do is that
too much information maybe but it's just
not good
I need a sorter I've just come back
between lectures to get changed and have
a quick breakfast because I haven't had
time this morning so obviously I've been
straight from my outing to lectures it's
cold outside I don't want to go out
again uh-huh we've changed it up today
and going for a different cereal Wow not
gonna lie it might have been the Minnie
Mouse on the packet that drew me to it
it's quite a good turnout you can see
but in the
and it's basically the news
[Music]
and hello everyone so I've come back to
my room it's 20 to midnight and I'm
gonna go to bed at this point so I get
some sleep this evenings been yeah
fairly fun went to the Friday night
Jesus launch night they're launching a
whole new entertainment thing at Jesus
to try and make it more popular because
in previous terms the parties and bops
that firown' haven't been that well
attended so they're trying to relaunch
it it was it was fairly well attended it
still wasn't like up there with some of
the really good college aunts but it's
getting there chat assist people in the
bar then I came back to the staircase
who played a few games of wehrwolf of
course and chatted a bit in the trip and
finally I'm back in my room ready to go
to bed I think that's the end of this
vlog thank you very much for watching
please to give the video a like if you
enjoyed it subscribe to see more videos
from me and hit the notification bell
follow me on Instagram and I'll see you
soon with another video bye
[Music]